README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ProjectBabbler/ebird-pages.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ProjectBabbler/ebird-pages)
[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/ebird-pages.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/ebird-pages)
[![Supported Python Versions](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/ebird-pages.svg)](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/ebird-pages)

# eBird Pages

Although eBird has an API, not all the information from the database is 
available. The API, for example, does not return links to any uploaded 
photos; comments on an individual observation are also missing. eBird 
Pages is a set of scrapers for extracting data from various pages on 
the eBird web site. It complements the API, giving access to all the 
data that eBird makes publicly available.

## Install

```sh
pip install ebird-pages
```

## Usage

Scraping the data from a page is as simple as a function call. For example
to get all the data from a checklist use get_checklist() and pass in the unique 
identifier generated when the checklist was submitted to the eBird database:

```python
from ebird.pages import get_checklist

data = get_checklist('S38429565')
```
The function returns a dict with keys for the location, date, observers, etc.

### Command line

Each of the functions has a corresponding script that can be used on the 
command-line:

```sh
$ ebird-get-checklists S38429565
```
The script allows data for one or more checklists to be downloaded and written 
to a file in JSON format.

## Compatibility

ebird-pages works with Python 3.3+. 

## Dependencies

eBird Pages makes use of the following packages: Requests, BeautifulSoup4, lxml and pyCLI.
See requirements.txt for the version numbers of each of the libraries.

## License

eBird Pages is available under the terms of the [MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) license.

Commit message:

get-checklist script updated and now uses click.
1. Moved the script from bin to ebird.pages.scripts to reduce the
   risk of conflict with other ebird libraries.

2. Changed the library used for command line arguments from pyCLI
   to the rather excellent click.

3. Removed support for passing multiple identifiers to the
   get-checklists script.

4. Added simple tests for the command line script that can be
   called manually to make sure everything works with the ebird
   site.

5. Removed TODOs that were completed or no longer needed.

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ProjectBabbler/ebird-pages.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ProjectBabbler/ebird-pages)
[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/ebird-pages.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/ebird-pages)
[![Supported Python Versions](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/ebird-pages.svg)](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/ebird-pages)

# eBird Pages

Although eBird has an API, not all the information from the database is 
available. The API, for example, does not return links to any uploaded 
photos; comments on an individual observation are also missing. eBird 
Pages is a set of scrapers for extracting data from various pages on 
the eBird web site. It complements the API, giving access to all the 
data that eBird makes publicly available.

## Install

```sh
pip install ebird-pages
```

## Usage

Scraping the data from a page is as simple as a function call. For example
to get all the data from a checklist use get_checklist() and pass in the unique 
identifier generated when the checklist was submitted to the eBird database:

```python
from ebird.pages import get_checklist

data = get_checklist('S38429565')
```
The function returns a dict with keys for the location, date, observers, etc.

### Command line

Each of the functions has a corresponding script that can be used on the 
command-line:

```sh
$ get-checklist --id S38429565 --out checklist.json
```
The script allows data for one or more checklists to be downloaded and written 
to a file in JSON format.

## Compatibility

ebird-pages works with Python 3.3+. 

## Dependencies

eBird Pages makes use of the following packages: Requests, BeautifulSoup4, lxml and Click.
See requirements.txt for the version numbers of each of the libraries.

## License

eBird Pages is available under the terms of the [MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) license.
